clxxxii TABLE or commem.

&D-
1345.

1340.

. Antestation by the present nuncio that he has eet his 493

Institution of Robert de Mortham in the rectory of
Hunsmnesworth - ·

Mandate for his induction therein

Institution of Robert de Horton in the vicarage of
Gayneford · - . .

Mandate for his induction therein

Plaint made by the chancellor of Durham to the
chapter of York. A. D. 1340

Letter of citation of the chapter of York ιο the bishop
of Durham, the cause of such grievance -

Agreement by the chapter that tho biehop is not
bound to appear to such citation -

Formal appeal made by the bishop of Durham against
such grievance, in presence of a notary public

The form of the said appeal, ιο the Apostolic See

Protest made by the bishop of Durham, in presence
of the chapter of York

Form of protest, so made, on behalf of the bishop,
that he does not appear in obedience ιο the afore-
said citation - -

Acceptance of euch protest by the chapter of York-
Formal attestation of the notary public

Formal acquittance ιο the bishop of Durham, by the
proctor of the cardinal bishop of Sabina, for pro-
curatione duc ιο him as papal nuncio, for the third

ears -‘ · - ·

Fozmal attestation, by a notary public, of the due
execution of the letters of proxy held by the said
pixggtlzor, and ‘of the. other-matters by him cer-

Attpztation lby the present nuncio as to the use made
o ιε βου, - - - - -

Formal acquittance ιο the biehop of Durham, by tho
proctor of the cardinal deacon of St. Ma1y in
Aqui1·‚o for procuratione due ιο him as late nuncio
for the Apostolic See

F01 mal attestation by a notary public of the (lue
execution of the letters of p1 oxy held by the said
proctor, and of the other matters by him certified -

Formal attestation thereos by a second notary public

seal thereto ·

Pago

- 481
-482

-482
-483

-483

484

485

-486
-486

- 487

488
488
488

-489‘

-490

- 491

- 491

493
493

